  About Mindvalley’s A-Fest
 
    The Mindvalley A-Fest experience
   A-Fest is an event designed by Vishen Lakhiani to bring together amazing people from around the world to connect, grow and learn from each other and the world’s best teachers. It takes place in 5-star paradise locations across the world. These events gather an extraordinary community of change-makers and visionaries who are driven by epic ideas to impact the world – entrepreneurs, experts, artists, leaders, innovators, visionaries, and more. A-Fest is like stepping into a different reality of wonder and magic. Since A-Fest is best expressed in visuals and not words, watch the After-Movie of previous events.
The destination and dates for A-Fest 2023 will be announced soon.
  
    A-Fest Bali 2018 | Envision Your Future Theme
   
    A-Fest Sardinia 2018 | Longevity Theme
   The program
A packed schedule filled with growth, connection and tons and tons of fun.  Talks  Workshops  Wellbeing  Excursions  Activities  Celebrations  Tribe
Join a community of extraordinary people. The A-Fest tribe is driven by grand ideas to impact the world in positive and uplifting ways.At A-Fest, you will be just as inspired by the person sitting next to you as the person speaking on stage. The best part is – you’re not just attending one event. You’re joining a community of brilliant people who meet regularly around the world and support each other in their journey to make an impact on the world. Once you attend you'll never feel alone again. What people are saying
 "I had no idea how much I would take away from all of it!" 
        [This A-Fest] 2017 was my very first A-Fest experience and I had no idea how much I would take away from all of it! What an uplifting and inspiring weekend full of once in a lifetime experiences, connections, and mental and spiritual growth! What a gift!
       Read More  
          American television show host and personality, Star of Fox TV’s “Beat Shazam”
         “The biggest takeaway I have after leaving A-Fest is all the gems of souls that I’ve seen and felt and known” 
        The biggest takeaway I have after leaving A-Fest is all the gems of souls that I’ve seen and felt and known
        
          Dr. Mark Hyman
         
          Ten-time #1 New York Times’ Best-Selling Author
         "My experience at A-Fest has been absolutely incredible" 
        My experience at A-Fest has been absolutely incredible. I had some incredible exchanges, beautiful and meaningful conversations. And the content both: on the stage and off the stage has been so well curated. [...] It’s been a conference that you want to stay at and to experience all the fe...
       Read More 
          Jay Shetty
         
          Storyteller, Viral Video Maker, Experiment Maker and Former Monk
         "To me, it’s a place where people come to break new ground and leave all their inhibitions behind" 
        To me, it’s a place where people come to break new ground and leave all their inhibitions behind. It’s been an incredible, loving experience.
        
          Anousheh Ansari
         
          Backer of the Ansari X Prize, Astronaut and pioneer in Private Space Travel
         "If you have any desire to hang out with really wonderful, smart conscious people who are doing great stuff in the world, just buy a ticket..." 
        If you have any desire to hang out with really wonderful, smart conscious people who are doing great stuff in the world, just buy a ticket and get on a plane. Honestly, I love this and want to come every year… 
       Read More 
          Jeff Marx
         
          Tony Award-winning Creator of Avenue Q
         "Do I like A-Fest? It’s not the question" 
        Do I like A-Fest? It’s not the question. You just dive in and you are lost. It’s like you don’t think anymore, you are at home
        
          Wim Hof
         
          Holder of 20+ Guinness World Records for Superhuman Feats
         "Thanks to the generous support from A-Fest we were able to embark on the largest household sanitation pilot project in Haiti" 
        Thanks to the generous support from A-Fest we were able to embark on the largest household sanitation pilot project in Haiti and provide sanitation solutions to thousands of people.
       Read More 
          Patricia Arquette
         
          Academy Award Winning Actress
         "A-Fest is full of deeply passionate people" 
        A-Fest is full of deeply passionate people who are on fire to make a difference in this world. It was an absolute pleasure to spend time around a group that is so positive and full of life
       Read More 
          Tom Bilyeu
         
          Serial entrepreneur, Speaker, Host of Impact Theory
         "A really unique community..." 
        What’s happening here is that a really unique community has come together to support each other
        
          Tom Chi
         
          Co-founder of Google X
             
          Choose your language
           
          Explore Mindvalley in your preferred language
         