
Recently, global personal growth platform Mindvalley had its Kuala Lumpur headquarters recognised by Inc. as one of the World’s Most Beautiful Offices 2019.
To bring the company’s innovative office design to life, Mindvalley’s Workspace Experience Designer, Luke Anthony Myers and his team collaborated with design firm IDEAWORKSHOP.
The redesigned space,
now called the “Temple of Light”, was officially unveiled in December 2018.
After an invitation to
explore their office, we were able to see for ourselves the functionality and
aesthetics of the place. There, we also learnt about what Luke calls “data-driven,
conscious design”.
Here are some of the
design elements that we learnt could impact the employee experience in a
positive way.
1. Have More Natural Sunlight Where Possible
Based on the concept of environmental productivity, lighting could play a significant impact on one’s energy throughout the day. 
Natural light supposedly
keeps you more alert and productive throughout the day, which is why Mindvalley’s
new office design is full of glass structures.
Image Credit: Heart Patrick / ArchDaily
These let more daylight into the space, and the glass is also covered with a dichroic film which gives it kaleidoscopic properties in the sunlight.
During the day, you’ll
see splashes of colour across the white ceiling, walls and the floor. When the
sun goes down, you’ll find yourself surrounded by colourful glass structures.
The office after sundown.
But Mindvalley didn’t
use to look like that. Its ceiling used to be painted black, and the space was
lit up with fluorescent lighting because not enough daylight was coming
through.
With the new design,
Luke also switched out the fluorescent lighting for 4000K LED bulbs that are
also low-wattage. 
According to him, the
LED bulbs closely resemble sunlight, so when the sun sets, the space is still
lit up brightly with lighting that doesn’t drain one’s energy.
2. Have More Plants In The Office
Studies done on the benefits of having plants in the office point out that they help to reduce noise levels, stress, sickness, and absence rates. They also increase productivity, creativity, and air cleanliness.
When Luke first joined
Mindvalley, there were only 12 plants in the office. Today, they’ve got around
800 plants in total.
The green wall.
About 600 of the plants
are actually located on their green wall, which is self-irrigating,
self-fertilising, and has UV light on a timer.
It’s been helpful for
improving the office’s air quality, as Luke said, “I
just had an air purifier specialist come into the office to test the air
quality. And for this area, he said it would have needed two large machines but
because of the air quality due to the plants, compared to other areas of the
office, we’d only need one.”
They also have potted plants.
A green wall seems unnecessary for smaller offices, so here’s the good news: there have been reports on how just having a small potted plant per work desk is also beneficial.
3. Splitting Areas Into Zones For Different Purposes
Mindvalley’s layout is
designed to provide dedicated spaces for specific activities, be it for
meetings, counselling, napping or working.
For example, the
meeting rooms are all located in one area, off to the side. Similarly, the office
desks are condensed into a specific area instead of being scattered throughout
the space.
Behind this glass is a meeting room.
Luke managed to lower
their open office space from 75% to about 55%, balancing out the percentage of
open space to closed space by creating different zones.
He did this by breaking
down the areas into a quadrant. “There’s focus, learn, collaboration, and social.
If you don’t have adequate time as an individual to focus and learn, your
collaboration and social will collapse,” he explained.
4. Provide Relaxation Areas For Short Breaks
Napping rooms or pods are becoming a common benefit in larger companies. For example, Fave is just one of several companies in Malaysia who already provide the amenity to employees.
Being able to power nap when that afternoon sleepiness is apparently beneficial because it increases morale, creativity, and alertness.
Make your way up to Pillow Heaven.
With that in mind, Mindvalley
provides its employees with dedicated sleep pods that it calls “Pillow Heaven”,
as each one is full of differently sized pillows. There are also curtains one
could draw closed to block out light for optimum napping. 
6. Hide Storage Compartments For The Illusion Of More Space
One thing we noticed
was that there weren’t any lockers or drawers in sight when we entered the office
space.
It gave the space a
very open, clutter-free atmosphere. Luke then revealed that their lockers were
actually hidden behind the glass walls of the walkway.
The hidden lockers. / A view of the hidden lockers from the mezzanine level.
He said that he designed
them this way so that they don’t take up more space than necessary while still
serving their purpose.
Besides hiding the
lockers, the glass walls also serve another function: they’re basically giant
glass whiteboards for employees to scribble things onto.
Additionally, he also
designed some of the platforms for their jungle gym inspired office space to
act as extra, hidden storage space.
Unless you were an
employee at Mindvalley, you’d never have known there was all this storage capacity
hidden in plain sight.
6. Maximise The Usability Of The Space
By studying the space,
Luke identified areas that could be put to better use. 
 The split-level mezzanine platform. 
Mindvalley’s high
ceiling allowed Luke and his team to build upwards instead of outwards, which
resulted in the split-level mezzanine platforms where employees are seated.
“It’s a 4,000 square
feet office space, and by building the mezzanine level, we’ve multiplied that
by 1.5 and made 6,000 square feet of usable space. We’ve doubled our desk
capacity and meeting room capacity,” Luke said.
Another view of the split-level mezzanine platform.
Coupled with the
zoning, this has allowed employees to work in an open office space, while being
separated from spaces with a lot of footfall like hallways. “People have their
own space, but they’re not boxed in,” Luke described. 
This design also
lowers both the audible and “visual” noise so that employees can stay focused.
-//-
Having a beautiful
office is one thing that may attract new employees and keep existing ones happy,
but at the end of the day, functionality comes first. 
One thing that Luke
highlighted was how he relied on feedback from employees to improve the space.
Before he redesigned
the space, he personally went around the office to interview employees. He
asked them, “What are three things that you love about the office space and
what are three things you’d like to see?”
From their feedback,
he was able to design a functional space that catered to their needs. 
It’s understandable
that not every office has the space or the budget to mirror the elements of
Mindvalley’s office design. 
Nonetheless, smaller offices can still take inspiration from it and scale down the elements to suit their needs.
You can read more of our office-related articles here.

