Some entrepreneurs and creatives are massively productive. Malaysian-Indian entrepreneur Vishen Lakhiani is one example.

Lakhiani founded personal development online education company Mindvalley in 2004.
Vishen Lakhianimindvalley

He's also the author of the New York Times best-seller The Code of the Extraordinary Mind and is about to publish a second book on the incredible effects of personal growth in the workplace.

Lakhiani offers four strategies that can help anyone accomplish more in less time.


1. Be Superconscious About What You Eat
It's no big secret that garbage in equals garbage out. Consume sugary drinks and snacks regularly, and your energy levels will peak and plummet throughout the day. Drink multiple cups of coffee, and you'll feel jittery and anxious come evening time. "Today we know that food is medicine," says Lakhiani.
“The right food actually magnifies your cognitive ability, it increases your energy, it causes you to stay in shape, it increases your focus, and it actually shifts your emotional states,” he says. "So when you understand that you can actually change your thinking, your creativity, your emotional states with the foods you eat, you gain a superpower."

For example, eating rich carbs or processed foods for lunch will cause you to feel drowsy for the afternoon. Similarly, drinking coffee in the afternoon will impact on your sleep.
2. Embrace The Right Exercises

Lakhiani is an advocate for high-intensity interval training, as well as super-slow strength training. For the former, a runner could sprint 200 meters, rest for 30 seconds and repeat five or six times. The latter involves lifting weights gradually without stopping to rest or relying on the motion of the body. A typical slow-training full-body workout takes twenty minutes.


            
            
                PLAY
                
                    
                        
                        
                            
                                
                
                
            
                
                    
                
                    
                        
                            Forbes Leadership
                        
                    
                
            
                    
                
            
                
            
                            
                            
                                
                
                    

                
            
                                
                            
                        
                    
                    
                        
        
            
                
                    
                
            
            
        
            

            

        
    
            
                
                    
                
            
            
        
    
                    
                    
                        
        
        
        
        01:12
        
                        
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                
                    
                    
                    
                
                    

                    About Connatix
                    V209100
                
                
            
            
            
            
                
            
        
            
            
            
                
            
        
            
            
            
                
            
        
            
            
            
                
            
        
            
            
            
                
            
        
            
            
            
                
            
        
            
            
            
                
            
        
            
            
            
                
            
        
            
            
            
                
            
        
            
            
            
                
            
        
            
            
            
                
            
        
            
            
            
                
            
        
            
                
            The EU’s Sustainability-Reporting Directive: ThreeKey Questions
            
        
        
                
                    
                        
                            
                                

                                1/1
                            
                            
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
        
            

            

        
    
                        
        
            
        
        
            
        
    
                        
                    
                    Skip Ad
                    
                    
                    
                
                
                    
                    
                
                
            Choose exercise that enhances your creativity and productivityGetty
"These are exercise modalities that have proven to give you the best results in the least amount of time," says Lakhiani.
"I spend only 45 minutes a week in exercise, but I am incredibly healthy and scored very well on a lot of different health markers. That's because the style of exercise I do is scientifically studied and hyper-optimal."
3. Meditate For At Least 10 Minutes Each Day
A consistent meditator can focus on difficult tasks for longer without getting distracted and manage challenges more easily. Noted advocates of meditation include Oprah Winfrey, Paul McCartney and David Lynch.
Lakhiani set up Mindvalley after discovering the benefits of meditation. These days, he typically meditates for between 10 and 30 minutes each day. He also teaches his practice as part of a Mindvalley course or meditation quest.
"We looked at the science of meditation, and we created six unique exercises that are stacked together that create the most transformative impact on your mind and your body and your soul in 20 to 25 minutes a day," he says.
4. Set Goals For Life
Lakhiani dismisses the Western approach to goal setting whereby an individual picks SMART (specific, measurable, achievable, realistic and time-bound) goals related to their business or personal life.
"We often set goals based on what society trains us to believe is normal, is right, and it's respectful. So many people set goals to become, to get into a career or to get a certain amount of money only to attain that goal and realize that they're miserable," he says.
"I have deliberate goals for how I show up as a father, how I show up as a man, how I treat my body, how I run my company, how I start my morning, how many books I want to accomplish and release and by when," he says.
