
    
Stories from our Community
    
    
Learn how Mindvalley impacts people
    

    
  


      
        

  17,717
stories for you

        
      

      
    


    
Featured Story
    


      


            
              
            


        
          
            
Lifebook Online
            
          
          
            
"I'm excited to implement this into my life"
            
          
          
I was really surprised that the Mindvalley assessment showed a great improvement from before to after. I have some areas in my life that I'm very worried about and it alleviated a lot of my fears just seeing that in this short amount of time I'm already improving in those categories. I'm exc...
            

  
Karena
  

    Voiceover Actor

  Canada


            
Read more
            
        
      

  


          
Mindvalley is fueled by your stories
          
          
Our community runs on voices like yours. It keep us going, and keeps us grounded.
            
Tell us like it is. What's your story?
          
          
Tell us your Story
          
        


  




      
        
      


  
    
      
Lifebook Online
      
    
    
      
"Loved the program and excited to keep moving forward, beat cancer and have the life I envisioned!"
      
    
    
In March of 2022, I discovered that I had breast cancer and the health journey has been challenging.  I was looking for something that would keep me inspired, help me go through chemo, and make it worth going thru treatments to "make it to the other side" of this.  Cancer and tr...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Patty Cruz
  

    Consultant

  Austin, United States


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
WILDFIT
      
    
    
      
"At 60 years old, I feel better today than I have in the last 5+ years, and I think it shows"
      
    
    
I've lost 26lbs., 4 inches off my chest, 4 inches off my mid-section, 3.75 inches off my waist, 3.5 inches off my hips. My body fat has decreased by 11% and my BMI has dropped significantly...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Deborah Braxton
  

    Consultant

  Rossville, United States


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
Be Extraordinary
      
    
    
      
"Silva and Be Extraordinary quest have definitely changed my life"
      
    
    
Thank you Vishen for Mindvalley, Silva method and Be Extraordinary quest. I feel these quests summarize the most important tools for self actualization and personal growth. Silva and Be Extraordinary quest has definitely changed my life and my level. I am getting clarity on my life vision...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Dr Ritu Dabas
  

    Internal Medicine Physician

  San Jose, United States


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
Lifebook Online
      
    
    
      
"I was able to organize my thinking, renew my vision for my life and gain clarity on my life"
      
    
    
I was experiencing some burnout from the struggle to take two non profits through COVID. One survived the other did not. I retired from a 30 year career as an award winning therapist and business woman and bestselling author feeling rather depleted. I took about 5 months to travel, rest a...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Marianne  Clyde
  

    Retired

  Warrenton, United States


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
Lifebook Online
      
    
    
      
"This program has allowed putting a structure on improvement, a plan for an entire life!"
      
    
    
I’ve been working on consciously improving my life over more than decade, and every challenge and experience has been fantastic. 
This program has allowed to put a structure on improvement, a plan for an entire life! My life! It has allowed me to reconnect with my deepest desires and tale...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Karin Steinfort
  

    Dentist

  Santiago, Chile


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
Duality
      
    
    
      
"This course is probably one of those things that after you do them, you are changed forever"
      
    
    
Before this Quest, it was really hard to navigate my life. I felt like my life was a constant battlefield. I had so many struggles and didn&#39;t have the tools to help me.
After taking this Quest I feel more in flow. I find life to be so much more fun and amusing. I stopped being so seri...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Lorena  Vukić
  

    Student

  Zagreb, Croatia


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
Lifebook Online
      
    
    
      
"Within the six-week journey, my eyes opened to the subtleties that have been holding me back for years"
      
    
    
Before Lifebook, I was actually doing great, scoring 111 (Excellent). However, after going through the process, I realized that I probably would have just maintained the status quo without the awareness that Lifebook brought me. Staying at the Excellent level would have been fine, right?...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Karen McFarlane Holman
  

    Inorganic Chemistry Professor

  Salem, United States


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
Super Reading
      
    
    
      
"I've pretty much tripled my reading speed in 3 weeks"
      
    
    
I've always considered myself a good reader, but definitely not a great reader.
But now as I'm an adult, husband, business owner and one day father, I see the value in reading educational books, like about business, relationships or spirituality.
Before this program I would read a...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Jonathan Knight
  

    COO

  Tyler, United States


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
Coaching Love Relationships
      
    
    
      
"It got me to go into a whole other level inside the relationship I had with myself"
      
    
    
Before this program Mindvalley had been in my life for 2 years after I graduated as a physician. I felt the progress I’d done couldn’t get any better. The education I’ve gained in Mindvalley has definitely impacted on the decision I’ve made not to pursue the usual medical specialty but to...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Andrey Alexandrovich Sankó Posada
  

    Physician

  Bogota, Colombia


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
Maye Musk's 7 Rules of Life
      
    
    
      
"It felt like having the opportunity to have a one-on-one with Maye Musk"
      
    
    
A 1-1 with Maye
This quest has been a pleasant and inspiring journey for me. I really enjoyed it. It felt like having the opportunity to have a one-on-one with Maye Musk. 
Knowing Maye as an iconic supermodel and mother of three extraordinary humans I was always fascinated by her. 
But I...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Inken  Stolley
  

    Entrepreneur

  Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
Sixth Sense Superpower
      
    
    
      
"I found out not only the light at the end of the tunnel but also I feel much safer with the torch that they gave me"
      
    
    
Greeting to all,
In my life, as a Middle Eastern woman I had many many obstacles that I passed them mostly all by myself but now a days with all those pressures I realized that I wont be able to continue this way anymore. I felt most of the time lonely and lost. Somehow I came across the...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Leyla
  

    Actress

  Los Angeles, United States


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
Money EQ 
      
    
    
      
"This program has allowed me to overcome the childhood money wounds"
      
    
    
I started this program because i was facing problems with my business and my money flow ! before this program i was constantly worrying about money and  by enrolling to this program I wanted to learn how i can improve my relationship with money because deep inside i felt maybe the problem...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Vianee BASTALINGUM
  

    Business Owner

  Luxembourg, Luxembourg


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
A Yogi's Guide to Joy
      
    
    
      
"Sadghuru really enriched my spiritual life"
      
    
    
I might sound a little too enthusiastic for YOU (valuable reader), which is typically not me ... skepticism is my smart companion ... but in this case, I am really happy to have found so much useful information, support, wisdom and methods...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Siegmar Weegen
  

    Entrepreneur

  Bremerhaven, Germany


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
The Silva Ultramind System
      
    
    
      
"I treated my multi-drug resistant UTI with this"
      
    
    
Hi beautiful souls,
Before this program I was always stressed out and anxious. This quest showed me how to meditate which is awesome! The mental screen technique is so powerful and I treated my multi drug resistant UTI with this. I want to continually evolve and make some meaningful contr...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Dr Ritu Dabas
  

    Internal Medicine Physician

  San Jose, United States


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
Certified HoloBody Coach
      
    
    
      
"I became much more aware of my biological needs and developed my body intelligence immensely"
      
    
    
When I started my journey through this certification, my goal was to gain more skills and improve my skills in terms of my Coaching practice. The fact of choosing this certification had to do with verifying that in this work presented by this fantastic team, the knowledge of Coaching, spi...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Miguel Goncalves
  

    Psychologist

  Portimao, Portugal


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
Mindvalley
      
    
    
      
"The most positive part of moving along this journey is finding abundance in everything in life once again"
      
    
    
My life had come to a complete stop. After a cascade of traumatic events and running the rat race in life I burned out right at the moment I had begun the most fulfilling career I could have ever imagined.  It was at this moment I stopped and started searching for a way to reconnect with...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Erin tayles
  

    Massage Therapist

  Kelowna, Canada


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
Ultra Presence
      
    
    
      
"This course amplified my instincts and skills to tap into my internal awareness"
      
    
    
You will not believe the information I am about to share with you. So let's start with my journey coming into this quest. The emotions were excitement, uncertainty, sceptical, fear and gratefulness, to name a fear. I had seen Juanpa on social media and his talks, but I did not know wh...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Faraaz Ali
  

    Leadership Coach

  Oslo, Norway


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
Mindvalley University
      
    
    
      
"My learning and growth was compressed from 1 year to 10 days and I witnessed a unique form of magic"
      
    
    
As a personal growth junkie, I take my transformation to the next level super seriously. It is an inherent component of my life. I firmly believe that I can only serve at my highest potential if I constantly learn and upgrade myself.
Hence I signed up for an adventure which I had my eyes...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Kanika Jain
  

    Health Coach

  Manama, Bahrain


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
Ultra Presence
      
    
    
      
"If anyone embodies ultra presence, it’s Juan Pablo. He’s electrifying"
      
    
    
I love this quest. If anyone embodies ultra presence, it’s Juan Pablo. He’s electrifying. 
Check this out…when I was in Estonia I was walking home late at night. There was an air of expectancy all around. As I walked there was a light mist in the air & I imagined sexy, seductive music...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Kerry Fisher
  

    Author

  Melville, United States


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
Mindvalley University
      
    
    
      
"I experienced massive transformation in just a few weeks"
      
    
    
Mindvalley University was one of the best investments I have ever made. I experienced massive transformation in just a few weeks. I felt like I was growing in all areas of my life at an exponential rate.
The community has such a high vibration that I could physically feel it. I formed dee...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Kris Konsap
  

    Entrepreneur

  Voru, Estonia


    
  





      
        
      


  
    
      
Coaching Love Relationships
      
    
    
      
"I can't recommend this quest enough to anybody who works with human beings"
      
    
    
Didn’t plan to do the Love Quest as I didn’t think it was relevant. Today, I am finishing Week 3. It’s remarkable! Having done Life, Transformational and Spiritual quests, this one polishes the previous knowledge giving it an even deeper perspective. The session with Angela is groundbreak...
      

      
Read more
      

  
Erin
  

    Coach

  United Kingdom


    
  


      
