
  


        


    



    
      iPhone Screenshots
  



  
  Stay in touch with your Mindvalley tribe in the real world, wherever you are in the world. Whether it’s friends you met at our live events or someone new with shared passions and interests—our app will help you find like-minded souls, Mindvalley’s latest events, meet-ups nearby, and online.*

Ready to take your personal growth to the great outdoors and connect with a global tribe of extraordinary people?

“If you want to go fast, go alone.
If you want to go FAR, go TOGETHER.”
– African Proverb

Find Friends Wherever You Are

- Tell your friends where you are right now, or where you’re going to be
- Say hello to any tribe members near you and connect on the app

Discover New Events (or Host Your Own)

- Stay updated with the latest Mindvalley events nearby** and around the world
- Can’t travel right now? Bring your tribe to you and host your own local meet-ups

Join New Circles and Make New Friends

- Expand your network, exchange ideas, and discover new friends with different passions and interests
- Learn more about the people in your tribe – from the events they attended to the Quests they completed

Stay in Contact with the People That Matter

- Send a ‘Friend’ request to the people who inspire you the most to help you stay in close contact
- Connect our app to Telegram and enjoy seamless chat with your friends on one of the most secure alternative chat platforms

* Mindvalley Connections is only available for current Mindvalley customers and Mindvalley event/meet-up attendees.

** In order to recommend Meetups that are close to you and to show your distance from a scheduled Meetup, we will request your permission for the device's precise location (GPS and network-based).



  
    
      What’s New
        

    
    
  - Fixed issue where a few customers were not able to update their bio, work bio, or status.

As always, we’ve done performance improvements and bug fixes to make your experience as smooth as possible.

Download the latest version of the Connections app to enjoy the full elevated experience.
Got any feedback? Get in touch at https://www.mindvalley.com/contact

  

      
              
              
  
  
    
  



  

    
    An amazing way to connect to like-minded peers




      
      

        
  This is an app specifically designed to connect Mindvalley all access members together to get to know one another, share life experiences & reviews, see upcoming events, and create gatherings or virtual events. It’s kind of like linkedin, IG & FB all in one; but with only a overloading amount of acceptance & understanding. 😊🙏
A fantastic way to make new friends within the community who share similar beliefs, who also question the bs rules of the world cultures, who are open-minded and share a passion to make positive impact in the world.
I am so grateful for the positive changes Mindvalley is creating for this world. ❤️


    


      






          
    
              
  
  
    
  



  

    
    Rome Wasn’t Built In a Day




      
      

        
  Simply put, Mindvalley is the future. As with Rome, Mindvalley was not built in a day. This app is still in its early stages, but you can already foresee where it is headed, and how far ahead of the pack it already is, thanks to the innovative minds at work.
I love that you can search for people by location or career/hobbies, and create your OWN events. The Connections app will undoubtedly be HUGE in the future— especially considering the fact that Mindvalley All Access is a minuscule payment in comparison to colleges, plus a thousand other things I could go on about.

Mindvalley Connections = Future of Personal Growth & Sociability 🙏🏼
Mindvalley = The Future


    


      






          
    
              
  
  
    
  



  

    
    Plugged In




      
      

        
  Mindvalley is the singular most powerful learning platform I have ever used, and this app is an incredible resource for connecting with other students to share and reflect with. It’s a powerful network, a ‘High Vibe Tribe’, and I highly recommend it for all Mindvalley students. Thank you Vishen for creating this personal growth platform and I hope that people continue downloading this app to stay connected, and plugged in to people that will have your back as we all journey through, and as, Life itself.
Richest Blessings,
/Reed\


    


      






          

      





  
  
    
      App Privacy
    

    


  

  
    The developer, Mindvalley Creations Inc., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy.
  

  
      
        
        Data Linked to You
        The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:
          
              
                
                  
                    
                  
                  Location
                
              
              
                
                  
                    
                  
                  Contact Info
                
              
              
                
                  
                    
                  
                  Identifiers
                
              
              
                
                  
                    
                  
                  Usage Data
                
              
              
                
                  
                    
                  
                  Diagnostics
                
              
          
      
      
        
        Data Not Linked to You
        The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity:
          
              
                
                  
                    
                  
                  Diagnostics
                
              
          
      
  

    Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More




  
    Information
    
        
          Seller
          
            Mindvalley Creations Inc.
          
        
        
          Size
          86.8 MB
        
        
          Category
          
              
                Social Networking
              
          
        
      
        Compatibility
          
              
                
                  iPhone
                
                Requires iOS 12.2 or later.
                
              
              
                
                  iPod touch
                
                Requires iOS 12.2 or later.
                
              
          
      
      
      
        Age Rating
        
             12+
              Infrequent/Mild Sexual Content and Nudity
              Infrequent/Mild Mature/Suggestive Themes
        
      
      
        Copyright
        © Mindvalley Creations Inc.
      
        
          Price
          Free
        

    
  
  
    
        
          
            Developer Website
          
        
        
          
            App Support
          
        
        
          
            Privacy Policy
          
        
    
  






    
      
        
          More By This Developer
        
        
      

      
    

    




