  
Mindvalley, a leading personal growth education company, is sharing four of its premium personal transformation courses, also known as Quests, Emirates for use in their flight entertainment offerings. With more than 30 Quests and hundreds of hours of learning taught by known experts, Mindvalley provides the tools needed to unleash the fullest potential of one’s mind, body, and spirit and optimize time on a long flight between destinations. Mindvalley’s Quests, often quite pricey otherwise, are now available for free through Emirates’ award-winning inflight entertainment system, Ice.
Mindvalley Quests
“The pandemic has been the catalyst needed to prioritize personal growth and we are excited to bring positive change to travelers as flying picks up once again,” says Vishen Lakhiani, Founder and CEO of Mindvalley. “Mindvalley’s mission is to disrupt the education system by teaching skills that are traditionally overlooked at school. Now passengers can learn from the best teachers in the world on a campus that defies borders while flying onboard Emirates.” These Quests are available inflight starting this month: Conscious Parenting by Dr. Shefali Tsabary – Receive the tools and perspective needed to nurture more authentic, fulfilled, and self-aware children.
Super Brain and 5 Steps to Powerful Memory by Jim Kwik – Activate your brain’s limitless potential. Speak & Inspire by Lisa Nichols – Learn the power of good communication skills from the world’s most advanced public speaking course.
Becoming Extraordinary by Vishen Lakhiani – Become extraordinary by evolving the level of consciousness you operate from.
7 Days to Breaking Up with Sugar by Eric Edmeades — Permanently eliminate your sugar cravings
6 Phase Meditation with Vishen Lakhiani — Master meditation in less than 3 hours.
5 Steps to Discover your Life Purpose by Michael Beckwith — Learn the principles that go beyond traditional goal setting and manifesting.
And after, Emirates will be adding these courses to the roster: Money EQ by Ken Honda – Transform your relationship with money and open the floodgates to a life of free-flowing wealth and prosperity.
Everyday Bliss by Paul McKenna, PhD – Become your calmer and more resilient self.
Since 2003, Mindvalley has transformed teachings of top educators, authors and activists into virtual learning experiences that foster community and prioritize mindset over all else. For more information about Mindvalley, or to sign up for one of their 30+ Quests, go to Mindvalley.com; also view the Omvana app for smart phone convenience. 